ALADDIN SYSTEMS, INC.
SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY LICENSE AGREEMENT

AGREEMENT made of this __ day of ____________, 2001 by and between Aladdin
Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with its principal place of business at
245 Westridge Drive, Watsonville, CA 95076, ("Aladdin") and
________________________ with a place of business at _________________
____________________________________________________ ("Licensee").

1.  LICENSE

1.1  Software License.  Aladdin hereby grants to the Licensee, a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license (the "License") to use and distribute the computer
program modules described in Schedule A attached hereto (the "Software"), for
the purpose of distributing Licensee's own computer software (the "Licensee's
Software") and to copy and distribute those portions of the StuffIt Engine which
are automatically embedded into Licensee's Software, either on a commercial or
non-commercial basis, as defined here, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein.

1.2  Initial Term.  The term of this License shall commence upon the execution
hereof and shall remain in effect for the period of one (1) year from the
Distribution Commencement Date set forth in Schedule A, unless terminated sooner
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

1.3  Acceptance.  The Software shall be deemed accepted by Licensee upon
delivery unless Licensee provides Aladdin within two (2) weeks thereinafter with
a written description of any bona fide defects.

1.4  License Fee and Payment.  Licensee shall be responsible for the payment of
licensee fees as set forth on Schedule A. The License Fee shall be paid by
Licensee upon the execution hereof.

1.5  Renewal Terms.  This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for
additional one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other, in
writing, of their desire to discontinue this Agreement at least thirty (30) days
prior to the expiration of a term of this Agreement.  The license fee for each
renewal term shall be Aladdin's then current fees for the Software.  The license
fee for each such renewal term shall be raised no more than ten (10%) percent
from the previous year's licensing fee.  Aladdin shall invoice Licensee thirty
(30) days in advance of the expiration of a renewal term for the license fee due
for the next renewal term.  Each such invoice shall be payable within thirty
(30) days from the receipt of Aladdin's invoice.  Overdue balances shall bear
interest at the rate of one and one-half percent (1 1/2%) per month from the
original due date of the invoice.

2.  SCOPE OF USE

2.1  Use of Software.  Licensee may duplicate the Software for inclusion in
Licensee's Products as specified in Schedule A hereto and may distribute the
Software in connection therewith.  Licensee shall not modify, translate,
decompile nor create or attempt to create, by reverse engineering or otherwise,
the source code from the object code supplied hereunder or adapt the Software in
any way or use it to create a derivative work.  No portion of Ithe StuffIt
Engine shall be distributed to any third party except as automatically embedded
in Licensee's Software. Any updates, revisions, enhancements, additions or
conversions to the Software supplied by Licensor under this or separate
Agreement shall become a part of, and subject to, this Agreement and License.
Licensee shall not distribute Licensee's Software utilizing the StuffIt Engine
prior to the Distribution Commencement Date.

2.2  Copyright Notices.  Licensee shall not alter or change Aladdin's copyright
notices as stated in the Software.  Licensee shall include a copyright notice,
in direct proximity to Licensee's own copyright notice, in substantially the
following form:  "Portions of this software are Copyright (c)1990-2001 Aladdin
Systems, Inc."  Aladdin's copyright notice shall be either: (a) displayed
prominently during initial (installer) system start-up, or (b) placed in the
software documentation distributed with Licensee's Software.

2.3  Commercial and Non-Commercial Use.  In the event that Licensee's Software
is distributed for consideration of any kind or distributed to any third party
which is not part of Licensee's organization, corporation or company, Licensee's
Software shall be deemed to be "commercially distributed".  In the event that
Licensee's Software is commercially distributed, Licensee shall be bound by
those additional provisions of this Agreement which pertain to commercially
distributed software.  Licensee shall set forth on Schedule "A" whether the
Licensee's Software shall be distributed commercially or for noncommercial use.

3. RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

3.1  Proprietary Rights.  Aladdin represents that it is the owner of the
Software and that it has the right to grant the License.  Aladdin represents and
Licensee acknowledges that the Software is the sole and exclusive property of
Aladdin, including all applicable rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks and
trade secrets inherent therein and appurtenant thereto and Licensee agrees not
to challenge Aladdin's rights thereto. Licensee acknowledges that it is not
purchasing title to the Software, but is rather being granted a license to use
and distribute the Software.

3.2  Application and Use; Confidentiality.  Licensee shall not sell, transfer,
disclose, publish, display or otherwise make available to others any portion of
the Software except as provided for herein.  Licensee agrees to secure and
protect the Software in a manner consistent with the maintenance of Aladdin's
rights therein and to take appropriate action by instruction or agreement with
its employees who are permitted access to the Software to satisfy its
obligations hereunder.  Licensee shall use its best efforts to assist Aladdin in
identifying and preventing any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Software or
any portions thereof or any of the algorithms or logic contained therein.
Without limitation of the foregoing, Licensee shall advise Aladdin immediately
in the event Licensee learns of or has reason to believe that any person who
Licensee has given access to the Software, or any portion thereof, has violated
or intends to violate the terms of this Agreement or any related non-disclosure
agreement and the Licensee will, at Licensee's expense, cooperate with Aladdin
in seeking injunctive or other equitable relief in the name of Licensee or
Aladdin against any such person.  Licensee agrees to maintain the
confidentiality of any information regarding the business affairs, property or
method of operation, or other information relating to Aladdin, obtained by
Licensee during the term of this Agreement. Both parties agree to maintain the
confidentiality of any information regarding the business affairs, property or
method of operation, or other information relating to the other party, obtained
by one of the parties during the term of this Agreement.

3.3  Warranties.  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, ALADDIN MAKES NO
WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  In the
event Aladdin fails to remedy material defects in the Software, Licensee's sole
remedy shall be to receive a refund of any license fees paid hereunder for the
current term of this License.

3.4  Limitation of Liability.  ALADDIN SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO
ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE TO LICENSEE OR ANY SUB-
LICENSEES FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
EVEN IF ALADDIN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO
EVENT SHALL ALADDIN'S LIABILITY FOR ANY REASON AND UPON ANY CAUSE OF ACTION
WHATSOEVER EXCEED THE PAYMENTS MADE BY LICENSEE TO ALADDIN UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

3.5  Termination.  In addition to its rights as set forth elsewhere in this
Agreement, Aladdin shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon thirty
(30) days written notice to Licensee upon:

(a)  violation or breach by Licensee, its officers or employees of any
provisions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, payment;

(b)  the termination of the business of the Licensee;

(c)  voluntary or involuntary filing of bankruptcy petition or similar
proceeding under state law with respect to Licensee; or

(d)  Licensee's becoming insolvent or making any assignment for the benefit of
creditors.

The termination of this Agreement shall automatically, and without any further
action by Aladdin, terminate and extinguish this License.  In the event of
termination of this Agreement pursuant to any provision of this Agreement,
Licensee shall return to Aladdin, or upon request of Aladdin, destroy all copies
of the Software in the possession of Licensee and certify in writing that the
same have been either returned or destroyed.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, all
provisions hereof relating to confidentiality or non-disclosure shall survive
the termination or expiration of this Agreement and any third parties to whom
Licensee has licensed the Licensee's Product may continue to use the Software
provided that such third party is not in breach of its license agreement with
Licensee.

3.6  Taxes.  Licensee shall, in addition to the payments required hereunder, pay
all sales, use, transfer or other taxes and all duties, whether international,
national, state or local, however designated, which are levied or imposed by
reason of the transaction contemplated hereby; excluding, however, income taxes
on profits which may be levied against Aladdin.  Licensee shall reimburse
Aladdin for any amount of any such taxes or duties paid or accrued by Aladdin as
a result of this transaction.

3.7  Copies of Licensee's Products.  Licensee shall provide Aladdin, at no
charge to Aladdin, one copy of each version of Licensee's Products that utilize
the Software, including any updates, thereto within ten (10) days of Licensee's
release of such product for sale.

4.  GENERAL

4.1  Entire Agreement.  Each party acknowledges that this Agreement constitutes
the complete and exclusive statement of the terms and conditions between the
parties, which supersedes and merges all prior proposals, understandings and all
other agreements, oral and written, between the parties relating to this
Agreement.  This Agreement may not be modified or altered except by written
instrument duly executed by both parties.

4.2  Force Majeure.  Neither party shall be liable to the other for any delay or
failure to perform due to causes beyond its reasonable control.  Performance
times shall be considered extended for a period of time equivalent to the time
lost because of any such delay.

4.3  Governing Law.  This Agreement and performance hereunder shall be governed
by the laws of the State of California.

4.4  Limitation on Action.  No action, regardless of form, arising out of this
Agreement may be brought by either party more than two (2) years after the cause
of action has arisen, with the exception of violation of Aladdin's rights in the
Software or any other software owned or licensed by Aladdin.

4.5  Enforceability.  If any of the provisions of this Agreement is invalid
under any applicable statute or rule of law, it is to that extent to be deemed
omitted.

4.6  Assignment.  Licensee may not assign or sub-license, without prior written
consent of Aladdin, its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in
whole or in part, to any person or entity, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.  Any such attempted assignment or sub-license shall be
void and shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement.

4.7  Survival.  All provisions of this Agreement relating to confidentiality or
non-disclosure shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

4.8  Notice.  Any notice provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given  (i)  if by hand delivery, upon receipt thereof;  (ii)
if mailed, three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mail, postage paid,
certified mail return receipt requested;  (iii)  if mailed by Express Mail or
Federal Express, one (1) day after deposit therewith postage prepaid.  All
notices shall be addressed to the parties at the respective addresses indicated
herein.

4.9  No Waiver.  The waiver or failure of either party to exercise any right in
any respect provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further
right hereunder.

4.10  Remedies.  The rights and remedies of Aladdin set forth in this Agreement
are not exclusive and are in addition to any other rights and remedies available
to it in law or in equity.

4.11  Submission Not Binding.  Neither the submission of this Agreement to, nor
the execution thereof by, the Licensee shall constitute an offer by Aladdin to
license the Software to the Licensee.  This Agreement shall not be or become
binding upon Aladdin to any extent or for any purpose unless and until it is
executed by Aladdin and a fully executed copy thereof is delivered to the
Licensee.

4.12  Headings.  The heading used in this Agreement are for reference only, do
not form a part of this Agreement and shall not affect the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement by their
duly authorized representatives as of the date set forth above.

LICENSEE:

______________________________
Licensee's Authorized Signature

______________________________
Printed / Typed Name

______________________________
Title

______________________________
Date


ALADDIN SYSTEMS, INC.

______________________________
Aladdin's Authorized Signature

______________________________
Printed / Typed Name

______________________________
Title

______________________________
Date

SCHEDULE A

Program Modules

[ ] Registered StuffIt Engine
[ ] Call the StuffIt Engine

Engine Components

[ ] StuffIt Compression
[ ] Zip Compression
[ ] Unix compress Compression
[ ] MacBinary Encoding
[ ] BinHex Encoding
[ ] Uuencode Encoding

[ ] StuffIt Decompression
[ ] Zip Decompression
[ ] Gzip Decompression
[ ] Arj Decompression
[ ] Arc Decompression
[ ] Unix compress Decompression
[ ] MacBinary Decoding
[ ] BinHex Decoding
[ ] Btoa Decoding
[ ] Uuencode Decoding
[ ] MIME/Base64 Decoding

License Fee

The Licensee will pay a licensing fee of ________________________________
($__________) dollars.  At signing, the Licensee will remit payment in full.

License Term

Aladdin grants a one (1) year license to the Licensee to distribute the StuffIt
Engine with the Licensee's "____________________________" software program for
Windows for the agreed upon cap of ____________units per year.

The Licensee agrees that it will not distribute the StuffIt Engine as a stand-
alone product, but will include the StuffIt Engine in its commercial software
program.

This contract will commence on ________________________________, 2001.

 
